Features which are in benchprep portal but will not be in our study room:

1. Flashcards
2. Study Tasks
3. Passages
4. Lesson Categories
5. Find and Replace
6. Marketing Info
7. Tools
8. Activities
9. User Feedback
10. Automated
11. Discussion
12. Content Report

Note:Question feature is included in Test Management System.



Student

List Students - Name, Email, Status, View Profile
View Profile

Company
List Companies - Name,  Email, Address, Status, Company Details
Company details
HR details



# - void
Login Page middle
login page container


admin panel color hide











Brand Activity - 3 days
Brand Survey - 6 days
Brand Events - displayed to customer, attending or not attending - 3 days
Tab view - 5 days
Store Activity - 1 day
Loyality Points for users - 3 days
Offerzworld Reward Shop items to buy with loyality Points - 10 days
Price variation for country to country and brand to store - 5 days
possibility for offer popup and redirect to detail page - 1/2 day
image function on homepage - 3 days
Subscribe for offer alert : message not recieved on email - 1 day

total 40 days



brand - 

offer
product
events
stores
forum



Admin requirements - User
Superadmin (studyroom) - 8

1) The super admin will be able to create an suborganisation admin  - 2
2) The super admin will be able assign courses, tests to suborganisation admin - 3
3) The super admin will be able to cap the number of users in sub organisation - 1
4) The super admin should be able to assign the privilege to sub organisation admin with regards to creating courses, creating tests and managing courses etc - 1
5) The super admin will be able to cap the number of messages, emails, notfiications that he can send to the suborganisation team - 1


Suborganisation - 21

1) The suborganisation admins can be able to manage, approve users  - 5
2) The suborganisation admins will be able to create courses, use allocated courses from studyroom and manage it for their students - 5
3) the suborganisation admin should have the capability to interact with students, groups, sms, emails - 3
4) the suborganisation admin should be able to share an attachment for their students and ask them to download - 2
5) the suborganisation admin should be able to check the course status of each student and interact with the student accordingly - 3
6) The courses, test added by the sub admin - if needed should be visible only to the respective group user group. - 3


User search and communications - 7
1) Should search user details based on – Location, Institution, skill mentioned in profile,  courses (payed and free), domain, only registered, active, Inactive, tests, practice test and score.(basically - 5
2) For the filtered user list, admin should be able to send sms and email. -2


Total - 1.5 Months




fare estimate request 3
find ride request 3
confirm booking 3
fare request for current booking 3
order deatils 3

Api Authoriation Setup - 2
Design - 2
Deatils - 10

testing and fixing
1.5 months
























